Update documentation for adding a dataset. (#88)
ludwig-ai/ludwig-docs: docs/developer_guide/add_a_dataset.md

The [Ludwig Dataset Zoo](../../user_guide/datasets/dataset_zoo) is a corpus of various datasets from the web
conveniently built into Ludwig.

Ludwig datasets come with several conveniences including: managing credentials for downloading data from sites like
Kaggle, merging multiple files into a single dataset, sharing data parsing code, and loading datasets directly into data
frames that can also be plugged into Ludwig models.

Ludwig datasets are defined under `ludwig/datasets/`.
Dataset mixins are defined under `ludwig/datasets/mixins/`.
For an example of a dataset, see `ludwig/datasets/wmt15/`.

# 1. Create a new directory for your dataset

Create a new directory under `ludwig/datasets/<dataset_name>`, and create two files:

- `__init__.py`
- `config.yaml`

For an example, see `ludwig/datasets/wmt15`.

# 2. Define a class that inherits from `ludwig.datasets.base_dataset.BaseDataset`

We'll want to implement a class that inherits from `ludwig.datasets.base_dataset.BaseDataset` and implement the
following methods:

```python
@abc.abstractmethod
def download_raw_dataset(self):

>     """Download the file from config.download_urls and save the file(s) as self.raw_dataset_path."""

Reviewer: These doc strings are useful, and should be in the source code of BaseDataset as well if they aren't already.

Author: Agreed. I have a pending PR to add these.

    raise NotImplementedError()

@abc.abstractmethod
def process_downloaded_dataset(self):

>     """Process the dataset into a dataframe and save it as processed_dataset_path."""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    """Process the dataset into a dataframe and save it at self.processed_dataset_path."""
```

    raise NotImplementedError()

@abc.abstractmethod
def load_processed_dataset(self, split):

>     """Loads the processed data from processed_dataset_path into a Pandas DataFrame in memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    """Loads the processed data from self.processed_dataset_path into a Pandas DataFrame in memory.
```

>     :param split: Splits dataset along 'split' column if present.

Reviewer: Clarify that the implementation of load_processed_dataset is responsible for splitting the data.

Docs should mention that `load_processed_dataset` returns a dataframe if no split, and a 3-tuple of train, val, test if split.

Also I think the split column should always have values 0: train, 1: validation, 2: test.

    """
    raise NotImplementedError()
```

For example:

```python
@register_dataset(name="wmt15")
class WMT15(BaseDataset):

>     """French/English parallel texts for training translation models. Over 22.5 million sentences in French and

Reviewer: Minor detail: line-break these docstrings inside code blocks so the reader doesn't have to scroll.

    English.

    Additional details:

    https://www.kaggle.com/dhruvildave/en-fr-translation-dataset
    """
    pass
```

# 3. Leverage mixins to minimize boilerplate

Ludwig has a set of class mixins that take care of common dataset loading tasks, e.g., extracting zip files, downloading
from Kaggle, etc.).

Plase use Mixins graciously as leveraging mixins could save your dataset subclass from implementing anything.

```python
@register_dataset(name="wmt15")
class WMT15(CSVLoadMixin, IdentityProcessMixin, KaggleDownloadMixin, BaseDataset):
    """French/English parallel texts for training translation models. Over 22.5 million sentences in French and
    English.

    Additional details:

    https://www.kaggle.com/dhruvildave/en-fr-translation-dataset
    """

>     def __init__(self, cache_dir=DEFAULT_CACHE_LOCATION, kaggle_username=None, kaggle_key=None):

Reviewer: Break init into multiple lines so code block doesn't need to scroll horizontally.

Author: Done.
